 Skin Demo  by Robert Rayment  Oct 2003
 
 RRWheels
 
 This is a quicky program to develop image strips for 
 rotating knobs and thumb wheels. The number of repeated
 images (NRI(int)) can be set. 
 
 For knobs, the size of the central part of the image to
 rotate (zRAD (dec)) can be set as well as the incremental angle
 (zANG(dec)) of rotation. 
 
 For thumb wheels these last two would be set to zero. The image
 strip can be tested and saved for use in other progs. 
 
 There are a couple of example bmps.

 MakeArrays.
 
 Load any picture, press make arrays then save arrays.
 Arrays are 2D True Color, compressed using zlib.dll, where
 the width & height are stored at the start of the compressed
 array as 2 long integers. Stored as *.arz
 
 32bpp mask can also be saved if wanted, where black is
 made white (ie 255,255,255,255 = -1) and non-black made
 black. So blitting would use vbSrcAnd & vbScrInvert.  
 Masks are used for the sliders, scales & switches in the demo.
 Stored as *.msz and also have the width and height stored at
 the beginning of the compressed file.
 
 The width and height enable the original uncompressed file size
 to be calculated ie = W x H x 4.  Also W & H are needed for
 converting to 2D arrays for blitting to the form & poicture boxes.
 
 There are a couple of example bmps used.

 Demo Skins
 
 The demo only works for a starting image size of 256 x 256.
 There are 2 examples Blue & Pink. The other arrays are for the
 buttons.
 
 Use is made of the SendMessage api to resize with a resizing
 rectangle.  NB this rectangle does not seem to show up in
 WinXP as it does in Win98 though the resizing is OK.
 
 Once the new size is set StretchDIBits is used to stretch
 the arrays to the images' size.  Controls & fonts are resized
 using a Controls Collection.

 The cursor changes from the standard pointer at active points
 around the screen.  Note that the knob wheel can also be rotated
 by moving the cursor in a circular motion over the wheel. The
 bottom right striated rectangle can be used to resize the form
 to any size >= 256 x 256.
 
 The tiling images, stored in image boxes, are 16x16 bitmaps so,
 if you want to, they can easily be changed to your own design.

 On exiting it seems necessary to avoid using End else get
 an illegal operation error.  NB the Esc key can also be used
 to exit.
 
 All the original images can be extracted from the resource file
 using the method in the INFLATE routine, then blitting to a
 picture box and SavePicture, if wanted,
 
 zlib.dll can either be in the application folder or in the
 \System folder or full path given in zlib.dll Declaration.
 It does not need registering.
 
  zlib.dll (ver 1.1.4.0) available from:
  www.winimage.com/zlibdll/
  For good example of usage see vb-helper.com
  also www.gzip.org/zlib/
